bitstack electrs -- manage the onion identity publishing electrs' Electrum RPC

Usage:
  bitstack electrs
  bitstack electrs tor
  bitstack electrs rotate [-f|--force]
  bitstack electrs set key <private_key>

With no subcommand, prints this help.

What it does:
  tor
    electrs' Electrum RPC port (50001) is published as a Tor hidden
    service by the stack's 'tor' service, so a remote Sparrow can reach it
    without any firewall port-forwarding. This queries the running tor
    service for its current onion hostname and prints it, caching the
    result to .bitstack-onion (machine-local, gitignored) for 'bitstack
    sparrow' to use later -- including from a host that does not run the
    stack itself (copy that file there, or paste the address it prints).
    If the tor service is not reachable right now, falls back to the
    last-known address (with a warning) instead of failing outright.
    Requires the stack to have been deployed at least once ('bitstack up')
    so a hidden-service key exists.

  rotate
    Discards the current onion address and lets Tor generate a brand-new
    one. Irreversible -- the old address stops resolving the moment its
    key is gone. Prompts for confirmation unless -f/--force is given.

  set key <private_key>
    Installs a specific Tor v3 onion service private key instead of
    generating one, so the resulting .onion address is one you already
    control -- e.g. restoring a previous identity, or a vanity address
    generated with a tool like mkp224o. Accepts the "ED25519-V3:<base64>"
    form (as used by Tor's ADD_ONION control command and most
    vanity-address generators) or the bare base64 of the same 64 raw
    bytes. Only the secret key is written; Tor derives the matching public
    key and .onion hostname from it itself on next start -- the same code
    path it uses to derive them for a freshly generated key, so there is
    no need to supply those separately.

  rotate and set key both stop the 'tor' service, replace the
  hidden-service key material in the 'tor-hidden-service' docker volume,
  restart the service, and wait for the (new) onion address to publish --
  caching it to .bitstack-onion, same as tor above. Node data, electrs,
  and bitcoind are untouched throughout; only the tor service is bounced.

The address is stable across restarts and redeploys (the key lives in a
docker volume) -- rotate/set key change it deliberately; nothing else does.

Requires the stack to be running ('bitstack up' first). rotate and set key
also reuse the already-built local/tor image to touch the volume, so
neither needs an extra download or build.

Help:
  bitstack electrs help
  bitstack help electrs

See also: docs/help/bitstack-sparrow.txt, docs/help/bitstack-up.txt
